# Swagger Editor:
## Introduction
- Reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbwQWw7xSOM&feature=youtu.be
- Online Editor: https://editor.swagger.io/
## Basic Structure:
> https://swagger.io/docs/specification/basic-structure/
1. Metadata
    - Swagger version
    - Info
        - Title
        - Description
        - Version
2. Servers
    - Url / Urls
3. Paths: /customers
    - Description 
    - HTTP methods
    - Possible response codes
        - Response code enclosed in quotes (“200”)
        - Description 
        - Default 
4. Parameters: /customers/{customerId} or /customers?customerId=204
    - Description 
    - HTTP methods
    - Possible response codes
5. Request Body
6. Responses
7. Input and Output Models
    -  Components
        - Schemas
8. Authentication
    - Components 
        - securitySchemes
    - security

# Installing go-swagger:
- Go swagger is a tool to mainly generate or analyze source code.

## Installation from source :
- Type in below command in the terminal in your  gopath.

> `go get -u github.com/go-swagger/go-swagger/cmd/swagger`

## Static binary:
> You can download binay from  https://github.com/go-swagger/go-swagger/releases/latest

## Validating .yml file:
- Once the file is ready as per the basic structure of swagger spec, validate the file for any errors with the below command

> `swagger validate ./swagger.yml`

##  Generating Server :
### Simple server:
- A simple server is generated by below command.

> `swagger generate server -A todo-list -f ./swagger.yml`

- Upon running above command three folders  ‘cmd’, ‘models’ and ‘restapi’ folders are generated.
-  The swagger generator adds "-server" to the application name that you gave via the -A argument.
- The models package contains go representations for all item definitions in the swagger spec document.
- The restapi package is generated based on the paths property in the swagger specification.
- The go swagger generator uses tags to group the operations into packages.

